"Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes." - Edsger Dijkstra
"Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh." - George Bernard Shaw
"I turn away with fright and horror from this lamentable evil of functions that do not have derivatives." - Hermite
"On the other hand, you have different fingers." - Unknown
"I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by." - Douglas Adams
"I may be drunk, but you, madam, are ugly. And in the morning, I shall be sober." - Winston Churchill
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"The beginner should not be discouraged if he finds he does not have the prerequisites for reading the prerequisites." - Paul Halmos
"Gentlemen: There's lots of room left in Hilbert space." - Saunders Mac Lane
"Many people would sooner die than think - in fact, they do so." - Bertrand Russell
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." - Bertrand Russell
"A comathematician is a comachine for turning cotheorems into ffee." - Unknown
"Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end." - Unknown
"In heaven all the interesting people are missing." - Nietzsche
"I never came across one of Laplace's 'thus it plainly appears' without feeling sure that I had hours of hard work before me to fill up the chasm and find out how it plainly appears." - Nathanial Bodwitch
"I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter." - Blaise Pascal
"I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy." - Dorothy Parker
"My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher." - Socrates
"Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months." - Oscar Wilde
"Everyone is an idiot, not just the people with low SAT scores. The only differences among us is that we're idiots about different things at different times." - Scott Adams
"You can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public." - Scott Adams
"Frankly, I’m suspicious of anyone who has a strong opinion on a complicated issue." - Scott Adams
"Every generation of humans believed it had all the answers it needed, except for a few mysteries they assumed would be solved at any moment. And they all believed their ancestors were simplistic and deluded. What are the odds that you are the first generation of humans who will understand reality?" - Scott Adams
"I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours." - Jerome K. Jerome
"There are only two types of motorists: the idiots who drive slower than me, and the lunatics who go faster." - George Carlin
"You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there. The only difference is that there is no cat." - Albert Einstein
"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." - Douglas Adams
"Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing." - Werner von Braun
"In answer to the question of why it happened, I offer the modest proposal that our Universe is simply one of those things which happen from time to time." - Edward P. Tryon
"It matters not whether you win or lose. What matters is whether I win or lose." - Unknown
"Be yourself. Everyone else is taken." - Oscar Wilde
"I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating and after 14 days I'd lost exactly two weeks." - Joe E. Lewis
"'Be yourself' is about the worst advice you can give some people." - Thomas L. Masson
"Dogs have owners, cats have staff." - Unknown
"Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"Accept that some days you are the pigeon, and some days you are the statue." - Scott Adams
"Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
"But a lifetime of happiness! No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth." - George Bernhard Shaw
"I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British." - Woody Allen
"In California, they don't throw their garbage away - they make it into TV shows." - Woody Allen
"It is very easy to endure the difficulties of one's enemies. It is the successes of one's friends that are hard to bear." - Oscar Wilde
"My luck is so bad that if I bought a cemetery, people would stop dying." - Ed Furgol
"Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Am I jumping the gun, Baldrick, or are the words 'I have a cunning plan' marching with ill-deserved confidence in the direction of this conversation?" - Edmund Blackadder III
"They do say, Mrs Miggins, that verbal insults hurt more than physical pain. They are of course wrong, as you will soon discover when I stick this toasting fork in your head." - Edmund Blackadder III
"The path of my life is strewn with cowpats from the devil's own satanic herd." - Edmund Blackadder II
"Madame, life without you is like a broken pencil. Pointless." - Edmund Blackadder II
"Half the time I'm so worried about being an idiot, I forget to realise I'm not stupid." - Sara Vossoughi
"The ideal set up by the Party was something huge, terrible and glittering–a world of steel and concrete of monstrous machines and terrifying weapons–a nation of warriors and fanatics, marching forward in perfect unity, all thinking the same thoughts and shouting the same slogans, perpetually working, fighting, triumphing, persecuting–three hundred million people all with the same face." - George Orwell
"Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends." - Gandalf
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." - Napoleon
"Only when the last tree has died and the last river has been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realize we cannot eat money." - Indian proverb
"Information can be obtained by averaging over our ignorance." - Carlo Cercignani
"Erdős asks us to imagine an alien force, vastly more powerful than us, landing on Earth and demanding the value of R(5) or they will destroy our planet. In that case, he claims, we should marshal all our computers and all our mathematicians and attempt to find the value. But suppose, instead, that they ask for R(6). In that case, he believes, we should attempt to destroy the aliens." - Joel Spencer
"Stuff is the leading cause of things." - xwonka
"If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion." - George Bernard Shaw
"We rode on the winds of the rising storm, we ran to the sounds of the thunder. We danced among the lightning bolts, and tore the world asunder." - Robert Jordan
"Almost dead yesterday, maybe alive tomorrow. But alive, gloriously alive, today." - Mat Cauthon
"Till shade is gone, till water is gone, into the shadow with teeth bared, screaming defiance with the last breath, to spit in Sightblinder's eye on the last day." - Aiel saying
"Careful. We don't want to learn from this." - Bill Watterson
"All things are difficult before they are easy." - Thomas Fuller
